Fill out the dynamic programming "to-do" (#91)
tskit-dev/tutorials: what_is.md

## A framework for efficient computation

Using tree structures is a common way to implement efficient computer algorithms, and
many [phylogenetic](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phylogenetics) methods use the

> structure provided by the evolutionary tree to implement efficient so-called
> "dynamic programming" algorithms. The tree sequence structure allows these approaches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
structure provided by the evolutionary tree to implement efficient 
[dynamic programming](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dynamic_programming)
algorithms. The tree sequence structure allows these approaches
```

Author: Yep - a link solves it, I think.

FWIW I suspect that well over 50% of people reading this page won't have heard of "dynamic programming".
